Newsletters: add 263 (2023-08-09) (#1230)
bitcoinops/bitcoinops.github.io: _posts/en/newsletters/2023-08-09-newsletter.md

  attacker is unreasonable for an honest user, and the cost that is
  reasonable for an honest user is too low [to deter] an attacker."

  Towns suggested an alternative to trying to price out attackers: make
  the costs paid by both attackers and honest users reflect the
  underlying costs paid by the node operators providing the service.
  That way, a node operator who is earning a reasonable return on
  providing services to honest users will continue earning reasonable
  returns if attackers begin using those services.  If the attackers try
  to deny services to honest users by consuming an excess amount of node
  resources, the nodes providing those resources have an
  incentive---greater income---to scale up the resources they provide.

  As a suggestion for how that scheme could work, Towns resurrected an
  idea from several years ago (see [Newsletter #86][news86 hold fees])
  about a combination of forward commitment fees and reverse hold fees
  that would be charged in addition to the usual fee for a successful
  payment.  As an HTLC propagated from spender Alice to forwarding node
  Bob, Alice would pay Bob a small forward commitment fee; this would

>   correspond to Bob's cost for processing the HTLC (such as bandwidth).

Reviewer: "this would correspond to Bob's cost for processing the HTLC"

But later we outline that the fee could also be used to compensate future participants along the route which, to me, makes this sentence confusing or incorrect (unless we include his forwarding fees as part of the processing of the HTLC, in addition to the bandwidth example)

- **HTLC endorsement testing and data collection:** Carla Kirk-Cohen and
  Clara Shikhelman [posted][kcs endorsement] to the Lightning-Dev
  mailing list to announce that developers associated with Eclair, Core
  Lightning, and LND were implementing parts of the [HTLC
  endorsement][topic htlc endorsement] protocol in order to begin
  collecting data related to it.  The help this, they're proposing a set
  of data that will be useful for test nodes to collect for researchers.
  Many of the fields are intended to have their data randomized to
  prevent leaking information that could reduce the privacy of spenders
  and receivers.  They intended for there to be multiple phases of
  testing and outline how participating nodes will act during the
  different phases.

- **Proposed changes to Bitcoin Core default relay policy:** Peter Todd
  started two threads on the Bitcoin-Dev mailing list related to pull
  requests he's opened to change Bitcoin Core's default relay policy.

  - *Full RBF by default:* the [first thread][todd rbf] and [pull
    request][bitcoin core #28132] proposes making [full RBF][topic rbf]
    the default setting in a future version of Bitcoin Core.  Currently,

>     Bitcoin Core by default will only relay and accept into its mempool

Reviewer: Maybe

```suggestion
    Bitcoin Core, by default, will only relay and accept into its mempool
```

    replacements of unconfirmed transactions if the transaction being
    replaced contains the [BIP125][] signal indicating opt-in
    replacability (and if both the original transaction and the
    replacement transaction follow some other rules), called opt-in RBF.
    A configuration option, `-mempoolfullrbf`, allows node operators to
    instead choose to accept replacements of any unconfirmed transaction
    even if it didn't contain the BIP125 signal, called _full RBF_.
    Peter Todd's proposal would make full RBF the default but allow node
    operators to change their settings to choose opt-in RBF instead.

      Peter Todd argues that the change is warranted because (according
      to his measurements, which have been [called into doubt][towns
      rbf]) a significant percentage of mining hash rate is apparently
      following full RBF rules and there are enough relay nodes that
      have enabled full RBF to allow non-signaled replacements to make
      it to those miners.  He also says he is unaware of any active
      business that currently accepts unconfirmed onchain transactions
      as final payment.

>   - *Removing specific limits on `OP_RETURN` outputs:* the [second

Reviewer 2: Possibly link to https://developer.bitcoin.org/devguide/transactions.html#null-data for background?

Author: That section has an error I'm aware of (and haven't gotten around to fixing), so gonna skip that for now.

    thread][todd opr] and [pull request][bitcoin core #28130] proposes
    removing Bitcoin Core's specific limits on transactions that have
    any output script that starts with the `OP_RETURN` opcode (an
    _OP_RETURN output_).  Currently, Bitcoin Core will not (by default)
    relay or accept into its mempool any transaction that has more than
    one `OP_RETURN` output or any `OP_RETURN` output that has an output
    script more than 83 bytes in size (which translates to 80 bytes of
    arbitrary data).

      Allowing relay and default mining of a small amount of data in
      `OP_RETURN` outputs was motivated by people previously storing
      data in other types of outputs that had to be stored in the UTXO
      set, often in perpetuity.  `OP_RETURN` outputs don't need to be
      stored in the UTXO set and so aren't as problematic.  Since then,
      some people have begun storing large amounts of data in
      transaction witnesses.

      The pull request would default to allowing any number of
      `OP_RETURN` outputs and any amount of data in an `OP_RETURN`

>       output as long as the transactions otherwise obeyed Bitcoin Core's
>       relay policy (e.g., had a total transaction size less than 100,000

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      output as long as the transactions obey Bitcoin Core's
      other relay policies (e.g., had a total transaction size of less than 100,000
```

  splicing transaction to confirm to a safe depth, at which point any
  funds spliced in to the channel also become available.  A key
  advantage of splicing is that LN-enabled wallets can keep the vast
  majority of their funds offchain and then create onchain spends from
  that balance when requested, allowing wallets to show user a single
  balance rather than a balance split between offchain and onchain
  funds.

- [Rust Bitcoin #1945][] modifies the project's policies for how much
  review a PR requires before it is merged if it's just a refactor.
  Other projects with challenges getting refactors or small changes
  reviewed to the same high standard they hold other PRs may want to
  investigate Rust Bitcoin's new policy.

- [BOLTs #759][] adds support for [onion messages][topic onion messages]
  to the LN specification.  Onion messages allow sending one-way
  messages across the network.  Like payments (HTLCs), the messages use
  onion encryption so that each forwarding node only knows what peer it
  received the message from and what peer should next receive the
  message.  Message payloads are also encrypted so that only the

>   ultimate receiver can read it.  Unlike forwarded HTLCs, which are

Author: Keeping as-is.  I think this should be singular.
